actors
======

Obtains the average age of all actors appearing in movies currently in theaters.


Running the program:
   To build, simply run `make` in the top level folder 
   The executable with be stored in the bin folder (./bin/actors)
   
   To run from the top level, simply ./run.sh


Design:

   I approached this problem by noticing that it can easily be abstracted into a more general 
   problem that can be used to simplify a variety of problems:

      Given an arbitrary dataset, provide a reduction strategy that combines all data into
      a desired result

   Currently, there is no infrastructure in SML/NJ that provides the tools needed to carry out
   this task. My approach to this problem was to create this generalized reduction platform and
   then provide a concrete implementation for averaging the age of actors in in-theaters movies. 
   

Structure:
   
   The abstract specification files can be found in the /actors-src/reduction directory and the
   concrete representation can be found in the /actors-src/actors-imp directory.

   Everything needed to carry out the main function (such as file parsing, running the reduction)
   can be found in /actors-src/main

   There is a non-generic solution in /actors-src/solution/ that I implemented to help me figure out
   how to properly make the framework as generic as possible


What actually happens when the executable is run:

   A java utility is run to extract information off of Rotten Tomatoes. It does not actually find 
   any actor's age, instead it randomly generates a number.

   When finished, the SML compiled reduction algorithm is run on the output generated by the utility,
   printing results to the terminal.


Problems arose during development:

   SML is not as highly developed as many other languages. Reading documentation on network
   sockets amounts to reading MLton's source code for sockets


TO-DOs:

   Increase the capability of the Java actor-acquisition utility to find each actor's actual age

   Add in a parallel multithreading to the infrastructure to help manage large loads
